[WHISTLING]
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TURNER ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
AND U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
[ED, EDD, AND EDDY LAUGH]
[TRUMPET-LIKE NOISE]
OH, BOY. DOUBLE D,
YOU STINK.
LET A PRO SHOW YOU.
CERTAINLY, EDDY.
IT'S ALL TECHNIQUE,
SOCKHEAD, PURE TALENT.
[PBBLLLT]
WRONG TECHNIQUE.
SLIGHT ADJUSTMENT, AND...
[SOFT HONK]
[TRUMPETING]
I AM A WHALE,
EDDY,
AN ENDANGERED
MAMMAL. HUG ME.
[GROWLS]
OK, BLUBBERHEAD.
YOU CAN'T BE A WHALE
UNLESS YOU
HAVE A SPOUT. HA HA.
[LAUGHING]
♪ I'M THE KING
OF THE CASTLE ♪
♪ AND YOU'RE A DIRTY--
Ed and Edd: DOG PILE!
[LAUGHS]
ATTACK THE LUMP!
OH, NO. SOMETHING
ATE MY HEAD.
All: AAH!
Ed: OH, LOOK.
A WHOLE BOX
OF ALIEN
EXPLORATORY
PROBES
DROPPED OFF
IN AN ATTEMPT
TO SAVE FUEL
DURING A MUTINY
OF PULSING
BRAIN MUTANTS.
I THINK THAT EYEBROW
IS TOO HEAVY
FOR HIS HEAD.
ACTUALLY, THEY LOOK
LIKE TURKEY BASTERS.
[LAUGHING]
YEAH, RIGHT,
DOUBLE D.
A TURKEY BASTER.
I MUST
HAVE BLOOD.
LET ME BITE
YOUR--
WHERE WAS I?
WHAT WE HAVE HERE
IS A SQUIRT GUN.
PLEASE. A SQUIRT GUN?
WHAT? YEAH!
A CANADIAN
SQUIRT GUN.
CANADIANS ARE WEIRD.
Eddy: WATCH AND LEARN,
BOYS. JUST FILL...
EVEN IF THEY
WERE CANADIAN--
HEAVEN FORBID--
I DON'T THINK THEY'RE--
Eddy: AND SQUIRT,
CANADIAN STYLE.
MY TURN!
AH, ONE PERSON'S TRASH
IS ANOTHER PERSON'S
TREASURE, I SUPPOSE.
I'M A MOOSE,
DOUBLE D.
LET'S SHARE
OUR TREASURE
FOR CASH.
EVERY KID ON THE BLOCK
WILL WANT ONE.
EDDY, YOUR VOICE
CAN BE QUITE IRRITATING
AT TIMES.
COOKIES AND MILK!
[INDISTINCT TALKING]
Kevin: ALL RIGHT, ROLF.
MY PAPA WOULD
RIDICULE ROLF
FOR THE ROLLING
OF THE SPHERE.
PLANK WANTS
TO GO NEXT.
Sarah: GET IN LINE,
JONNY.
JIMMY HAS BEEN
WAITING ALL DAY.
SHOW THEM WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF,
JIMMY.
LET ME TRY.
I THINK I PULLED
SOMETHING, SARAH.
AAH! OOH! AAH! EE!
OOPS.
REMEMBER THE ALAMO!
AWESOME.
[HORSE NEIGHS]
IS THAT EDDY?
WHAT ARE THOSE?
READY FOR
SOME ACTION,
CITY SLICKER?
[BURPS]
[LAUGHS]
YOU WON'T WANT
TO MISS A DROP.
WHAT?
YOU SEE THAT?
IT'S SO POWERFUL.
LOOKS
LIKE FUN.
IS IT HARD?
IT'S EASY AS 1, 2, 3.
WHAT?
DON'T TRY THIS
AT HOME, KIDS.
Rolf: YES, I MUST TRY
YOUR WATER SHOOTER,
COWPOKE EDDY.
YEAH. LET ME TRY.
ALL THE WAY FROM CANADA,
LOADED AND IN-STOCK,
AT DOUBLE D'S HOUSE
OF IMPORT/EXPORTS.
ALL AT AN INSIGNIFICANT PRICE
OF 50 CENTS.
WE'LL ALSO INCLUDE
A FREE SOCK HOLSTER.
[STAMPEDE]
[ALL TALKING EXCITEDLY]
HELP.
Eddy: WHOA, NELLIE.
THEY FELL FOR IT.
TODAY MUST BE MY LUCKY DAY.
COME ON, BOYS.
LET'S KEEP THIS
GRAVY TRAIN ROLLING.
COMING, EDDY.
I WAS A MOOSE ONCE.
YOU CAN'T GET ME.
YOU'RE A SLIPPERY
RATTLESNAKE, JIMMY.
I AM? LET'S RIDE,
PAISLEY.
AAH!
YOU'RE REAL
SLIPPERY NOW.
HA HA. TWERP.
Jonny: WHOA.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I'M POOPED, PLANK.
WHAT? GOLD?
LET'S STAKE
OUR CLAIM, HOMBRE.
[WHIP SNAPS]
OUCH!
I'M GOING FOR A SODA.
Eddy: HOLD IT
RIGHT THERE,
PARTNER.
HITCHING YOUR HORSE
IN A NO-HITCHING ZONE,
THERE, PECOS KEV?
WRITE HIM UP,
DOUBLE DEPUTY D.
YOU'RE A DORK.
THAT'S
MARSHAL DORK...
[MISPRONOUNCES]
HOMBRE.
Edd: HERE YOU ARE,
KEVIN.
THANK YOU.
HEY, MARSHAL DRIP.
[LAUGHS]
THIS IS WAY TOO EASY.
HMM. SPLINTERS!
YOUR WOODEN MONEY'S
NOT GOOD HERE, PECOS KEV.
OW!
HMM.
Eddy: OW!
THAT'S A 25-CENT
PROSPECTING FINE.
BUT I AM
WASHING DISHES,
NO-BRAIN ED-BOY.
25 CENTS, OR
25 DAYS IN THE POKY?
AHEM. WRONG CARTOON,
EDDY.
CATTLE RUSTLING'S
HARD, SARAH.
NO MORE BRANDING
FOR YOU, MISTER.
Eddy: AND YOU.
JEEPERS.
IT'S MARSHAL EDDY.
A 25-CENT RAILROAD TAX.
[LAUGHS]
EDDY, LEAVE
JIMMY ALONE!
DOUBLE DEPUTY D.
[LAUGHS WEAKLY]
HMM. "DISTURBING THE PEACE"?
WE'RE NOT PAYING.
YOU HAVE GONE
CRAZY,
FAST BUCK
ED BOYS.
YEAH. I PAY,
I'M RETCHING.
I HADN'T COUNTED
ON THAT ONE.
Jonny: RUNAWAY WAGON.
RUNAWAY WAGON.
Sarah:
WHAT HAPPENED, JONNY?
WE WERE AMBUSHED.
THEY CIRCLED OUR WAGON.
OH, LOOK WHAT THOSE OUTLAWS
DID TO HIM.
P.U.!
WHAT IS THAT STINK?
WHAT STINKS?
PLANK REMINDS ME OF
FRESH-CUT SPRING FLOWERS
SPEWN ACROSS
A BABBLING BROOK,
WITH A HINT OF LEMON.
THEY WERE HEADED THIS WAY.
HA HA. WHO NEEDS
THE MARSHAL NOW?
IT'S A SHAME
YOU DIDN'T PAY
YOUR FINES.
I GOT 25 CENTS.
HUH?
Rolf: YEAH, YEAH.
Sarah: I'LL PAY TO SEE THIS.
Eddy: WHAT THE...
THANKS, MARSHAL EDDY.
KANKERS.
GIVE BACK MY--HUH?
MY SQUIRT GUN IS MISSING.
Kanker leader: OH, BOYS...
HUH?
LOOKING FOR THESE?
[LAUGHTER]
Jimmy: YOUR DAYS
ARE NUMBERED,
KANKER SISTERS.
MARSHAL EDDY
IS HERE FOR YOUR HIDE.
WELL, HE IS.
AND WHO'S GOING
TO HELP HIM?
UM, WE WERE JUST GOING
TO GET OUR HARMONICAS.
RIGHT, FELLAS?
I LOVE WHEN THEY DO THIS.
All: RUN AWAY!
[KANKERS LAUGHING]
Blond Kanker: LOOK.
THEY BROUGHT US FLOWERS.
WHAT IS IT
THIS TIME, GIRLS?
EAU DE WOOD ROT,
OR CRANKSHAFT NUMBER 5?
Together: CRANKSHAFT.
PERFUME?
JUST
LIKE PLANK.
I DON'T WANT
TO SMELL PRETTY, EDDY.
Together: SQUIRT GUNS READY.
PICK A BOYFRIEND.
All: OW!
I'M FEELING
PRETTY RIPE
RIGHT NOW.
THANKS FOR
THE LOOT, BOYS.
[LAUGHTER]
OH, IT'LL TAKE WEEKS
TO DISINFECT
THESE CLOTHES.
I SMELL LIKE FRESH-CUT
SPRING FLOWERS
SPEWN ACROSS
A BABBLING BROOK,
WITH A HINT OF LEMON.
NOBODY TAKES MY MONEY
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT.
I WILL HAVE
MY REVENGE!
ANYTIME, ED.
OH. CHOO-CHOO!
LOOK, SARAH, A PARADE.
HEE HEE!
[EDDY AND EDD GROANING]
THIS COWBOY STUFF
IS MURDER
ON YOUR LEGS.
OH, TOO COOL. AAH!
SOMEONE DOESN'T HAVE
MUCH CONFIDENCE IN US.
AH, THEY'RE
JUST TRYING
TO SCARE US.
LET'S GO.
[EDD MOANS]
ROLF HAS BROKEN HIS BACK
AND MADE YOU NEW MUD PITS.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[HAWKS CALLING]
HMM. NO SIGN OF THE KANKERS.
LET'S MOVE OUT.
THIS IS DESPERATE, EDDY.
WHAT IF WE'RE CAPTURED
AND FORCED
TO CLEAN THEIR GUTTERS?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
A GUTTER IS, EDDY.
YOU'LL BE LIVING IN ONE
IF YOU DON'T COME ON.
OK, KANK...
OK, KANKERS.
I'M CALLING YOU OUT.
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
YOU KNOW
WHAT WE'RE HERE FOR.
I LOVE A MAN IN UNIFORM.
STAND YOUR GROUND, DEPUTIES.
HUH? DEPUTIES? HMM?
[TEETH CHATTERING]
READY, GIRLS?
[YELLS]
[CACKLES]
DRAW!
HA HA!
TELL ME IF I HIT THEM.
NO, DON'T.
HEE HEE!
OOPS.
HA HA!
OH, I FEEL IT.
I FEEL THE ADRENALINE,
EDDY, BABY.
DOUBLE D,
DOUBLE D.
RELAX, WILL YOU?
IT'S A TOY
FROM CANADA.
GEE. HOW
EMBARRASSING.
HUH?
ARE YOU THROUGH?
WE MISSED EVERY SHOT.
WE WON'T.
Kankers: DANCE, COWBOYS.
FORGET YOUR GLASSES
AT HOME?
YOU ONLY GOT OUR FEET WET.
IT'S OUR KANKER
RUBBER CEMENT.
CHECK AGAIN, DEAD-EYE.
IT FEELS AS THOUGH
I'M IN ED'S BASEMENT.
WE'RE TRAPPED.
TIME FOR SOME HOME COOKING.
[EDDY AND EDD YELLING]
RUN HOME! RUN HOME!
[MACHINE BEEPING]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
WHOA. WHERE'S
THE FIRE,
FLATHEAD?
OOH, FIRE! AAH!
NO, ED.
I AM MELTING, EDDY.
[EDDY YELLS]
OH, MY. THE DETECTOR
HAS DETECTED SOMETHING.
Ed: I CAN'T SEE.
SO MUCH SMOKE.
STOP.
GRANDDAD, YOU RAN
ANOTHER STOP SIGN.
I'VE MARKED
THE EXACT POSITION
OF WHERE TO EXCAVATE.
DOUBLE D'S LEGS
ARE GONE.
NO, ED. HE WANTS
YOU TO DIG.
READY,
ELEPHANT BOY?
Edd: OH, MY.
ARF!
Eddy: YOU'RE
AN ANIMAL, ED.
I BET
IT'S A NEW CAR
OR A BURIED
BANK HEIST.
[CHUCKLES]
OH, MY, ED, YOUR TALENTS
ARE ENDLESS, AREN'T THEY?
Ed: I SEE SOMETHING
SHINY, GUYS.
JACKPOT!
LET HER RIP!
FINDERS
KEEPERS.
GO, ED! GO!
I THINK I'M
GOING TO BE SICK.
IS THAT JIMMY AND PLANK?
[JIMMY HUMMING EXCITEDLY]
HIYA, JIMMY BOY.
EDDY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH PLANK, HUH? DID YOU
STEAL IT FROM JONNY?
DID YOU, HUH?
JONNY AND PLANK
HAD A HORRIBLE TIFF.
JONNY WALKED OFF IN A HUFF.
ABANDONED,
PLANK WAS HELPLESS.
I OFFERED
THE HUNK OF WOOD A HOME.
OH, DEAR.
JONNY ALONE?
THINK OF THE PAIN.
SEPARATED FROM
HIS BEST FRIEND.
ISOLATED.
FORTUNATELY,
I AM SURROUNDED BY
FRIENDS WHO RESPECT
THE FEELINGS--
Eddy: CAN IT, SOCKHEAD.
WE'RE WASTING TIME.
JONNY IS DEFENSELESS.
ARE YOU GOING TO FINISH
THAT CUPCAKE, DOUBLE D?
[SIGHING]
BOY, ED, AM I
HAPPY TO SEE YOU.
WANT TO MAKE
A SANDCASTLE?
"SIT DOWN
AND SAY HELLO, JONNY."
HELLO?
"ASK HIM HOW HE IS."
HUH?
UM...WAIT.
"HOW ARE YOU?"
I'M FINE.
WELL, OK, A LITTLE HUNGRY.
UM...
"FEELING ALONE?"
ALONE.
"NO ONE TO HAVE
ONE-SIDE--SIDED
CONVER--VER--SATIONS WITH?"
YOU READ ME
LIKE A MAP, ED.
AM I THAT OBVIOUS?
Ed: UH, EXCUSE ME, JONNY.
"MEET A NEW FRIEND
"AT ED'S
FRIEND STORE.
ED, TAKE
JONNY THERE."
OH, YEAH.
HEE HEE!
FRIEND STORE?
HMM, WHAT'S JONNY SEE
IN THIS STUFF ANYWAY?
WELL, EDDY,
JONNY'S NEED
TO COMMUNICATE WITH
AN INANIMATE OBJECT
IS QUITE NORMAL,
SOMETIMES STEMMING
FROM A LACK OF
SELF-CONFIDENCE
OR SOCIAL PHOBIAS.
WHAT IS HE?
JONNY IS HERE.
DO I GET THAT
COOKIE NOW?
JONNY BOY, YOU LOOK
LIKE YOU NEED A NEW FRIEND.
AT ED'S FRIEND STORE,
YOUR NEW FRIEND
IS CAREFULLY CHOSEN
BY OUR MASTER MATCHMAKER--
BUDDY DOUBLE D.
ONE LOUSY QUARTER,
AND WE'LL SET YOU UP
WITH YOUR IDEAL PAL.
I THINK I'LL PAY
AFTER I'M HAPPY
WITH MY IDEAL PAL.
WHAT'S WITH THAT?
JONNY, AFTER AN EXTENSIVE
SCREENING PROCESS,
I FOUND
YOUR PERFECT MATCH.
BOB, JONNY.
JONNY, BOB.
AAH!
Eddy: WHOOPS.
FORGOT THE OTHER EYE.
HELLO, BOB.
I LIKE THE SHAPE
OF YOUR HEAD, TOO.
Eddy: WELL,
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE HAPPY. I'M HAPPY.
COUGH UP THE DOUGH.
EDDY, JONNY
SHOULDN'T RUSH INTO
A NEW RELATIONSHIP.
THEY NEED TO GET
BETTER ACQUAINTED.
THIS WAY, PLEASE.
COME ON. I'M TRYING
TO RUN A BUSINESS
HERE. WORK WITH ME.
EDDY IS
MY IDEAL PAL--
SOFT AND CUDDLY,
LIKE
MASHED POTATOES.
YUM.
[BLOWING]
HMM? PARDON.
DID YOU SAY SOMETHING?
HMM? UH...
A PLANET?
MY HEAD'S NOT THAT BIG.
MY MAMA WHAT?
[ED GIGGLING]
OH, HI, GUYS.
YOU'LL FIND PING-PONG
TO BE A GREAT
ICEBREAKER, JONNY.
NOT TO MENTION
A DUCK.
HUH?
WHAT?
UM...
WHO?
HUH?
UM...
ED.
WHY?
OK, JONNY,
PLAY BALL.
YOUR SERVE, JONNY.
OH, BOY. PLANK AND I
PLAYED THIS ALL THE TIME.
[EDDY LAUGHING]
BOB SPIKED IT.
Ed: BOB IS GOOD
FOR A CONE.
GOING TO LEAVE A MARK?
I DON'T LIKE BOB.
UH-OH.
DON'T WORRY, JONNY.
ALL RELATIONSHIPS START
WITH A STRONG FOUNDATION--
I LIVE IN A FOUNDATION
WITH ALL SORTS OF USELESS THINGS
THAT JONNY WOULD TALK TO.
SAVED BY THE ED.
Ed: COME, EDDY.
[ED LAUGHING]
ED, YOU GO DOWN THE STAIRS
JUST LIKE PLANK.
A FRIEND FOR JONNY WE NEED.
ED, YOU GOT
TO LIKE YOUR ROOM.
OH, DEAR. JONNY IS
IN A DENIAL STAGE.
I GOT A FRIEND FOR YOU
JONNY...SOMEWHERE.
ED, YOU JUST MISSED MY--
Ed: AHOY!
WAIT UNTIL
I GET MY HANDS ON YOU.
WHY, EDDY, THAT'S
A PERFECT MATCH FOR JONNY.
DON'T YOU THINK?
REALLY?
Eddy: JONNY,
MEET SALTY SAM.
IT LOOKS
A LITTLE CRUSTY.
DON'T JUDGE A BOOK
BY ITS COVER, JONNY.
IT'S SALTY,
AND IT'S A BOOT.
KNOCK
YOURSELF OUT.
OOH. NOW, WHAT DID I...
AW, LOOK.
ED!
HUH? OH, YES, EDDY?
GET OUT HERE, WILL YOU?
THESE TWO
NEED SOME QUALITY TIME.
[CHUCKLES]
DID YOU SEE THE SPARKLE
IN JONNY'S EYES?
STOP ME, BOYS.
I'M GETTING FRILLY.
[CRASHING]
Jonny: HELP! HELP!
THEY'RE
HAVING FUN.
Jonny: STOP IT, SALTY.
HE'S MAD, I TELL YOU. MAD!
OH, MY.
WHAT'S WITH THIS GUY?
JONNY NEEDS TO PICK
HIS OWN FRIEND.
BINGO.
Jonny: FRIENDS FOR LIFE?
YES, INDEEDY.
[LOUD MUSIC PLAYING]
OOH, IT SOUNDS LIKE
THE FESTIVITIES
HAVE ALREADY BEGUN.
EDDY, THE MUSIC'S TOO LOUD!
[EDDY TURNS DOWN MUSIC]
YOU'RE DISRUPTING
THE FABRIC OF
SUBURBAN LIVING!
[LAUGHS NERVOUSLY]
COME ON. COME ON.
LIGHTEN UP, JONNY.
THE SHINDIG'S
ALL FOR YOU, CURLY.
SCHMOOZE ON
INTO THE PARTY.
CHECK OUT
THOSE COOL FRIENDS.
OOH, THEY'RE
ALL STARING AT ME.
WITH A HEAD
LIKE YOURS,
I'D STARE, TOO.
JUST FOLLOW ED
AND DOUBLE D.
THEY'LL GET
THIS PLACE
A-COOKING.
QUIT STANDING AROUND.
GET OUT THERE.
DANCE WITH SOMETHING.
BREAK THE ICE.
THIS IS NOT
MY STRONG SUIT.
I'M THE
ICE-CREAM MAN.
MOVE, DOUBLE D.
STOP. NO.
PLEASE.
DO IT FOR JONNY.
WHAT LOVELY LEAVES
YOU HAVE.
UH, OH. IT'S A WIG. SORRY.
THAT-A BOY,
MONOBROW.
ED HAS GOT
A NEW FRIEND.
I MISS...PLANK.
DANCING WITH A VASE.
BOY, HAVE I REACHED
AN ALL-TIME LOW.
[CHUCKLING]
UM, WOULD YOU...
LIKE TO, AH, OH, D-D-DANCE
WITH ME?
OH, OK. PLANK!
WHO ARE YOU? DANCE?
NO, I THOUGHT...
OH, NO, I LIKE YOU, TOO.
OH...OH.
TOO MANY FRIENDS.
[JONNY MOANING]
HEY THERE,
PARTY POOPER.
COME ON. RELAX.
Jonny: WHOA!
Eddy: TAKE A LOAD OFF
THOSE SANDALS.
THE PARTY'S JUST STARTING.
CHECK IT OUT, ROLF.
COOL PARTY.
CHECK OUT
THE SNACKS.
PARTY?
JIMMY, PARTY!
GRANDDAD?
Jimmy: SOMEONE
POINT ME TO THE D.J.
TIME FOR ROLF TO SHOW OFF
HIS BOOGALOO, YEAH!
Sarah: WHEE!
LET'S BUST A MOVE,
SARAH. WHEE!
PLANK?
KEVIN, NO, NO!
WHAT IS THIS STUFF?
SO LAME.
MY RECORDS!
OH, THAT'S IT.
I WANT ALL OF YOU--
HELLO. CAN I
HAVE THIS DANCE?
WAIT!
Rolf: COME.
BOOGALOO WITH ROLF.
SHOW ME WHERE
YOUR MAMA LIVES.
AH, FRESH.
TRY THIS ONE, EDDY.
BOOG-A-LOO!
SWINGING.
HANG ON TIGHT.
CHA-CHA-CHA.
Kevin: WHOA.
YOU'RE A MACHINE.
I'VE GOT
GOOSE BUMPS, SARAH.
I'M SORRY, TOO, PLANK.
LET'S GO HOME.
IT'S OUT-OF-CONTROL.
DON'T CUT IN, EDDY.
IT'S RUDE.
Ed: NEXT!
GET ON BOARD THE ED TRAIN.
ED!
CALL A DOCTOR.
Together:
NOT COOL. NOT COOL.
Eddy: OUCH. OOH.
OUT OF MY ROOM.
OUT. OUT. OUT.
I WAS BORN
TO BE WILD,
BUT THE CAGE
WAS TOO SMALL.
IT WAS A DORK FEST.
I ACTUALLY
STARTED TO SWEAT. ME!
Eddy: OUT OF HERE.
WELL, JONNY
FOUND HIS FRIEND.
NO WAY.
LOOK, EDDY.
Eddy: HEY, JONNY, BUT--BUT--
GIVE ME MY QUARTER.
Jimmy: ♪ OOH, OOH
HUH?
Jimmy:
EVERYBODY'S DOING IT.
BOUNCY, BOUNCY, BOUNCY.
♪ OOH, OOH
♪ OOH, OOH...
OOH!
EXCUSE ME, EDDY.
THIS IS MY SONG.
IF YOU CAN'T BEAT THEM,
SHOW OFF.
LET'S MAMBO.
♪ OOH, OOH
♪ OOH,
OOH, OOH ♪
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TURNER ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
AND U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
IN SYNCOPATED STYLE.
Eddy: ED!
ED, EDD, AND EDDY!
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--